#summary Use cases to flesh out the requirements of the application.

= Introduction =

These are the use cases which describe how a user will interact with this application.  We are purposefully keeping them simple so that we can achieve a working application within the time frame of the book club. 

= Details =


*Use case U1:  User wants to ask a question about some user's code to the Hibernate group. *
  # User enters message (limited to 256 chars) in the html form as:
   "Hey #hibernate, does anyone know how to do many-to-many optimization as found in the code that @bsmith wrote?
  # System displays message to everyone following "hibernate" group and to developer "bsmith"
  (note: # denotes groups and @ denotes specific people)

*Use case U1A: User wants to find out what groups are available.*
  # User selects "Groups" navigation link. 
  # System displays groups in alphabetical order along with a short description, date/time of last post, and number of current members. 
  # User selects a particular group in the list 
  # System displays member list for the selected group

*Use case U1B: User wants to join a group.*
  * Prerequisite: U1A
  # User clicks the JOIN link next to each group they want to join. 
  # System changes join link to leave link so user can un-join the group

*Use case U2: User B wants to reply to User A's message.*
  # user B selects User A's message
  # System expands the message to show all comments
  # user B types response to message in html form and posts
  # System adds user B's response to the thread of comments below user A's message. 

*Use case U3: User C is looking for information on many-to-many optimizations in Hibernate.*
  # user C types "hibernate many" into the search field
  # System displays list of messages with all their comments where the search terms "hibernate AND many" is contained anywhere within the thread. 
